[docs][tutorial]: Update getting started tutorial (#18896)
expo/expo: docs/pages/tutorial/layout.md

  },
});
/* @end */
```

</SnackInline>

> The color value `#fff` is equal parts red, green, and blue, which creates a nice readable white. React Native uses the same color format as the web. It supports hex triplets (this is what `#fff` is), `rgba`, `hsl`, and a set of named colors like `red`, `green`, `blue`, `peru` and `papayawhip`. For more information, see [Colors in React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/colors).

## Step 4: Display the image

The `Image` component from React Native displays the image on the screen. It requires a source of the image. This source can be a [static asset](https://reactnative.dev/docs/images#static-image-resources). For example, the source can be required from the app's **assets/images** directory, or the source can come from the [Network](https://reactnative.dev/docs/images#network-images) in the form of a URI.

Our amazing designers provided a placeholder image that we will use throughout this tutorial.

<ImageSpotlight alt="Background image that we are going to use as a placeholder for the tutorial." src="/static/images/tutorial/background-image.png" style={{ maxWidth: 250 }} containerStyle={{ marginBottom: 0 }} />

> You can download the above image and save it inside the **assets/images** directory of your Expo app. If you are starting from scratch, you must create **images** sub-directory inside **assets**.

Author: Removing this from the draft I'm currently creating in google docs!

> > If you are using the starter template, find this image inside the **assets/images** directory with a file name of `background-image.png`.

Author: Removing this from the draft I'm currently creating in google docs!

Next, import and use the `Image` component from React Native to display the image from the static resource. Let's also import the `background-image.png` in the **App.js**:

<SnackInline label="Display placeholder image" dependencies={['expo-status-bar']} files={{
    'assets/images/background-image.png': 'https://snack-code-uploads.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/~asset/503001f14bb7b8fe48a4e318ad07e910'
}}>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
import { StatusBar } from 'expo-status-bar';
import { StyleSheet, View, /* @info Import the image component. */ Image /* @end */ } from 'react-native';

/* @info Import the image from the "/assets/images" directory. Since this picture is a static resource, you have to reference it using "require". */
const PlaceholderImage = require('./assets/images/background-image.png');
/* @end */

export default function App() {
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>

>       /* @info Wrap the Image component inside a container. Also, add the image component to display

Author: The "@info" content was broken into two separate lines. Probably due to Prettier code formatting before I added the prettier ignore for code snippets like this.

I've fixed it on my end locally and here how it looks:
<img width="794" alt="CleanShot 2022-09-13 at 02 55 49@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10234615/189761753-d2527b42-d69d-4212-9c94-f0b8f5ccbbc5.png">

      the placeholder image. */
      <View style={styles.imageContainer}>
        <Image source={PlaceholderImage} style={styles.image} />
      </View>
      /* @end */
      <StatusBar style="auto" />
    </View>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    /* @info Modify container styles to remove justifyContent property. */
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: '#25292e',
    alignItems: 'center',
    /* @end */
  },
  imageContainer: {
    flex: 1,
    paddingTop: 58,
    backgroundColor: 'transparent',
  },
  image: {
    width: 320,
    height: 440,
    borderRadius: 18,

>   },

Author: I'm not sure that will look better. I also think each specific part highlighted now gives a separate description for highlighted code unless you want to point out all highlighted code with its own description.

});
```

</SnackInline>

Let's learn what the above code does.

The `PlaceholderImage` variable:

- Holds the reference to the static background image
- This reference is used as the value of the `source` prop on the `Image` component.

The `Image` component:

- Uses a `borderRadius` property to apply rounded corners on the image.
- It is also wrapped inside a `View` component that will be useful to add touch-based gesture events in a future chapter.

> - The `backgroundColor` on the `View` component is set to `transparent` to make the rounded corners visible.

Author: I'll remove this then.

## Step 5: Dividing components into files

> The code snippets will get quite big, especially with each snippet requiring custom styles. From this point, let's divide the code into multiple files.

Author: We discussed this in our meeting and I'll make changes to the tutorial to use "we" instead of "you" 😄

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: '#25292e',
    alignItems: 'center',
  },
});
/* @end */
```

## Step 6: Create buttons using Pressable

A modern mobile device typically constitutes a touch screen as the primary interface between an application and the user. Any level of event interaction in an application can be achieved by using a button that, on a physical device, is a simple finger touch.

React Native provides various components to handle touch events on native platforms. For this tutorial, let's use the [`Pressable`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/pressable). It is a core component wrapper that can detect various stages of interactions, from basic single tap events to advance events such as the long press. It can be customized in terms of style and appearance, and you can extend the functionality by creating a custom wrapper component around it.

From the layout, there are two buttons you have to implement. Each has different styles and labels. Let's start by creating a function component that can be reused to create the two buttons.

- Create a new file called **Button.js** inside the **components** folder.

> - Then, import the `Pressable` component from React Native

Author: I guess, we should just say "Create a new file called **Button.js** inside the **components** folder with the following code snippet:"

- Create a custom component called `Button` with the following code snippet:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
import { StyleSheet, View, Pressable, Text } from 'react-native';

export default function Button({ label }) {
  return (
    <View style={styles.buttonContainer}>
      <Pressable style={styles.button} onPress={() => alert('You pressed a button.')}>
        <Text style={styles.buttonLabel}>{label}</Text>
      </Pressable>
    </View>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  buttonContainer: {
    width: 320,
    height: 68,
    marginHorizontal: 20,
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    padding: 3,
  },
  button: {
    borderRadius: 10,
    width: '100%',
    height: '100%',
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    flexDirection: 'row',
  },
  buttonIcon: {
    paddingRight: 8,
  },
  buttonLabel: {
    color: '#fff',
    fontSize: 16,
  },
});
```

The `Button` component receives a `label` [prop](https://reactnative.dev/docs/intro-react#props) so that anytime this component is used, the button can have a text displayed.

> Now, in the app, when the user will touch any of the buttons on the screen, a dialog box will be displayed. This is done by using an `alert()` function to display a static message. Currently, it is used as a placeholder since both buttons do not trigger any functionality right now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, in the app, when the user taps any of the buttons on the screen, an alert will be displayed. This happens because the `<Pressable>` uses an `alert()` function with its `onPress` prop.
```

> Now let's import this component into **App.js** and see it in action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's import this component into **App.js** and see it in action:
```
Since the previous paragraph started with "Now", let's remove this one

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
import { StatusBar } from "expo-status-bar";
import { StyleSheet, View} from "react-native";

/* @info */ import Button from './components/Button'; /* @end */

import ImageViewer from './components/ImageViewer';

> const PlaceholderImage = require("./assets/images/background-image.png");

Author: I usually follow the require pattern when importing images and passing them dynamically.

Later when the ImageViewer component has two different types of sources of image:
- one is a local image
- one is picked from image picker as an `uri`

Instead of writing two Image components, I'm passing both of these props dynamically. The static resource uses the syntax `source` and `require` where as the image picked from the Image Picker library will need `uri`.

In the Image Picker chapter, you will find it the following code snippet:

```js
<Image
        source={selectedImage !== null ? { uri: selectedImage } : placeholderImageSource}
        style={styles.image}
      />
```

I don't know if there is a better way to handle this.

export default function App() {
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>      
      <ImageViewer placeholderImageSource={PlaceholderImage} />
      /* @info Use the reusable Button component to create two buttons. */
      <View style={styles.footerContainer}>
        <Button label="Choose a photo" />
        <Button label="Use this photo" />
      </View>
      /* @end */
      <StatusBar style="auto" />
    </View>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  /* @hide // Styles that are unchanged from previous step are hidden for brevity. */
  container: {    
    flex: 1,
    backgroundColor: "#25292e",
    alignItems: "center",    
  },
  imageContainer: {
    flex: 1,
    paddingTop: 58,
    backgroundColor: "transparent",
  },
  image: {    
    width: 356,
    height: 522,
    borderRadius: 18,
  },
  /* @end */

  footerContainer: {
    flex: 1 / 3,
    alignItems: "center",
  },  
});
```

> The second button with the label "Use this photo" resembles the actual button from the layout. However, the first button needs more styling to match the layout design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second button with the label "Use this photo" resembles the actual button from the design. However, the first button needs more styling to match the design.
```

/* @info Import FontAwesome. */import FontAwesome from "@expo/vector-icons/FontAwesome";/* @end */

export default function Button({ label, /* @info The prop isBorderLess has a default value of false. */ isBorderLess = false /* @end */ }) {
  /* @info Conditionally render the borderless button when isBorderLess is true */
  if (isBorderLess) {
    return (
      <View style={styles.buttonContainer}>
        <Pressable style={styles.button} onPress={() => alert('You pressed a button.')}>
          <Text style={styles.buttonLabel}>{label}</Text>
        </Pressable>
      </View>
    );
  }
  /* @end */

  return (
    <View
      style={[
        styles.buttonContainer,
        { borderWidth: 4, borderColor: '#ffd33d', borderRadius: 18 },
      ]}>
      <Pressable
        style={[styles.button, { backgroundColor: '#fff' }]}
        onPress={() => alert('You pressed a button.')}>
         /* @info The FontAwesome icon is used on the Pressable component. */
        <FontAwesome name="picture-o" size={18} color="#25292e" style={styles.buttonIcon} />
        /* @end */
        <Text style={[styles.buttonLabel, { color: '#25292e' }]}>{label}</Text>
      </Pressable>
    </View>

>   );

Reviewer: This is new code that we should highlight. I think that whenever new code is added, it should be highlighted.

}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  // Styles from previous step remain unchanged.
  buttonIcon: {
    paddingRight: 8,

>   },

Reviewer: I already had this style from a previous step

});
```

Let's learn what the above code does:

> - The styled button uses **inline styles** to append the styles from the `StyleSheet.create()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The styled button uses **inline styles** to apply styles to override the styles defined in `styles`.
```

> - The `Pressable` component in the styled button uses a `backgroundColor` property of `#fff` to set the background color of the button. If you add this property to the `styles.button`, then the background color value will be set for both the styled button and the unstyled one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<Pressable>` component in the styled button uses a `backgroundColor` property of `#fff` to set the background color of the button.
```

Let's modify the **App.js** file to use `isBorderLess` prop on the second button.

<SnackInline label="Complete Layout"
templateId="tutorial/01-layout/App"
dependencies={['expo-status-bar', '@expo/vector-icons', '@expo/vector-icons/FontAwesome']}
files={{
    'assets/images/background-image.png': 'https://snack-code-uploads.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/~asset/503001f14bb7b8fe48a4e318ad07e910',
    'components/ImageViewer.js': 'tutorial/01-layout/ImageViewer.js',
    'components/Button.js': 'tutorial/01-layout/Button.js'
}}>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
// ...
export default function App() {
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>      
      <View style={styles.imageContainer}>              
        <Image source={PlaceholderImage} style={styles.image} />        
      </View>      
      <View style={styles.footerContainer}>
        <Button label="Choose a photo" />
        /* @info Add isBorderLess prop on the second button */
        <Button label="Use this photo" isBorderLess />
        /* @end */
      </View>      
      <StatusBar style="auto" />
    </View>
  );
}
```

</SnackInline>

> On running the app, you will get a similar output on any device or emulator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at our app now on Android, iOS, and the web:
```
